## React-Gap template
The new React-Gap template mixes a few different technologies to create an optimized workflow for creating single file executable applications based on ReactJS, Chromium Embedded Framework and ServiceStack. 

Just like the ReactApp template, ReactJS and runtime JSX transformer is used to have the familiar change/refresh web workflow to iterate quickly while using Grunt/Gulp to build a packaged application.

The template two projects, AppConsole and AppWinForms showing the different outputs that can be used. AppConsole simply launches your default browser to interact with your self hosted ServiceStack application. AppWinForms uses the Chromium Embedded Framework to have a more self contained client. 

Both app types produce a single executable making these applications highly portable. AppConsole produces an ILMerged single executable and AppWinForms uses 7zip's SFX tooling to produce a self executing zip of your application. 

Packaging scripts for bundling resources, building appropriate projects are already wired in this template so you can change, build, package and deploy your application quickly and often!

## Workflow

This template is for building executable client application, having a fast and familiar workflow to improve how productive you are with ServiceStack is the focus of this template. This template has 7 projects instead of the usual 4 which promotes the recommended structure when building a ServiceStack application. The additional 3 are:

1. Resource
2. AppConsole
3. AppWinForms

Even though this is a template focusing on building a client, this template still includes a web project. The reason for this is to iterate quickly and easily when developing and changing your application and then using the other 3 projects to enable packaging and deploying your client application.

#### Resource project
The `Resource` project is the project that contains all the resources your client application needs as embedded resources. These resources are generated by the Web project via the `02-bundle-resources` Grunt task. Just like the AngularApp and ReactApp templates, resources are minified, transformed and placed in the Resource project in the files already added to the project. When the Resource project is built, these resources are then embedded ready to be used by the client applications.
> The Resource project is setup to use the default resources are initially included in the template. If you add new resources like images or additional minified JS files etc, these have to be added manually to the Resource project and then set to `Embedded Resource` as the `Build Action`.

#### AppConsole

#### AppWinForms

#### Resources project
Shared amongst projects.
Has fixed structure from output, needs to be updated when new minified resources are included or started to be used in an application
For example, React-Chat uses reflux minified resource, this needs to be included in the `Resource` project in the same location as the output for `wwwroot` eg, `/lib/js/reflux.min.js`. This matches the `build:js` path in the `default.cshtml`.


    <!-- build:js lib/js/reflux.min.js -->
    <script src="bower_components/reflux/dist/reflux.js"></script>
    <!-- endbuild -->

ServiceStack.Gap build target helps keep cshtml files as embedded resources as these will be compiled Razor views. Remember when added additional resources to the `Resource` project to switch newly added files to `Embedded Resource`. This goes for images, css etc as well. 



### Tips
If you having trouble with JS errors in the packaged version of the client, debug using the AppConsole project and use Chrome like normal to check for errors. If you are seeing unexpected 404s for resources you've included ensure the following:

1. They have been added the to the Resource project
2. They have been switch to `Embedded Resource`.

